In the extreme case of the Fukue-Iki, as it is today, the Sanakidani has disbanded the parliament,
and in terms of money and labor, it has abandoned more than 5,000 million yen, or 1.4 billion yen.
This is also the reason for the Fukue-Iki to become a new country.
It is certainly a mistake to create a disbandment of the Futo when the time comes.
This mistake must be punished by the work of not voting.
Even if the good does this, the bad does not.
In other words, if the government and the government are in disarray and continue to vote for the people involved in the Gikoku incident,
this will be a reward for the people involved in the Gikoku incident.
In other words, the good does this, and the bad does this.
If the people do not stop voting, they will not stop being disinterested.
The disinterest of the current government is not to get votes,
but to avoid voting as much as possible.
If there is anyone who loves the government,
then it is no other way than to reduce the number of votes in the case of a bad incident.
No one knows which is the good or the bad of the current government.
So, it should not be possible to judge from a national perspective.
In this case, it is only natural for the patriots to vote until they know which one will be the leader of the revolution first.
It is the duty of the patriots to vote for the small-scale parties or independent candidates.
Therefore, I would like to give a good vote to the good friends.
If there is a person in the system,
then the person will be punished by the party and will work according to the orders of the bad officials.
It is the same as the bad people.
It is a good thing that the good people cannot be treated as good people,
so unfortunately, it is wrong to vote for the good people as long as the disinterest of the current government does not go away.
The Japanese system is now united by the party and party.
There is no discrimination between good and evil.
The good people also walk with the bad people.
There are many good people in the current system,
but they all walk with the bad people, so the bad people of that street work.